# General notion of characters

Within each story we're lost in a world of characters. To adequately conventy the depth of character and to truly
feel and understand each of them, we must see in them both ourselves and those whom we recognise. Our own weaknesses,
strengths, and divides.

To that end, all characters are a mix of attitudes that drive them. They each have their own notions of what they consider
important. They need to have that character built in them, and the reader needs to fully understand each of those
characters they're connected to.

To poke at this further, it's worth poking what it is to be fundamentally human. Our desperation generated by a need
for safety, to give rise to understanding our place in the world. To understand what it is to be each other, and to
play the role that we feel we should, given our ability to understand.

The above is a very malleable framework, but was given rise by the general notion that each character should have their
own identity, and a driver that compells them to act in the way they do.

## Character evolution

Each character will need to evolve. However, we do not evolve absent stimulus, but rather to the thing that drives
them. Thus, each character can undertake choicse that at first betray who they are to adhere to their expected
norms, but will build in themselves a sense of power, and become truer to who they are.

## Conflict

Additionally, each character having their own notion of who they are should both generate sympathy, but also both
good and bad choices. Such a model allows us to each have our own understanding of what is right and wrong, and allow
us to reconcile that in our own way.

## Power

Lastly, it is in the nature of humanity to adhere to the norms provided by society so long as the expectations that
we have are met. It is only in the loss of these that we can truly become the starved, desperate versions of ourselves
that qualify for the redemption the story requires.

